###Component Based - Architecture:
1. A “component” is when a well-defined function is portable, replaceable, and reusable that encapsulates its implementation and exporting it as a higher level interface. 
2. The characteristics of a component are reusability - majority of components are designed to be used in different situations and applications. Replaceable - components may be substituted with similar components. Not Context Specific - components designed to operate in different environments and contexts. Extensible- when a component can be extended from existing components to provide new behavior. Encapsulated - A component depicts the interfaces, which allow the caller to use its functionality, and do not expose details of the internal processes or any internal variables or state. Independent − Components are designed to have minimal dependencies on other components.
3. The advantages of using component-based architecture are Ease of deployment − As new compatible versions become available, it is easier to replace existing versions with no impact on the other components or the system as a whole. Reduced cost − The use of third-party components allows you to spread the cost of development and maintenance. Reusable − The use of reusable components means that they can be used to spread the development and maintenance cost across several applications or systems. Modification of technical complexity − A component modifies the complexity through the use of a component container and its services. Reliability − The overall system reliability increases since the reliability of each individual component enhances the reliability of the whole system via reuse. System maintenance and evolution − Easy to change and update the implementation without affecting the rest of the system. Independent − Independency and flexible connectivity of components. Independent development of components by different group in parallel. Productivity for the software development and future software development.
###What Is Pops and How To Use It In React:
1. “Props” is short for properties.
2. Props are used in React for passing data from one component to another.
3. The flow of props are being passed in al flow of one-way from parent to child. 
###Things I want to learn more about:
1. How to identify a component?
